(airplane engine roaring)
- [Woman] Every day was
jam packed with band stuff.
I barely had time to sleep.
I certainly didn't have the
energy
to realize the fatal
flaw in my plan.
(exciting music)
(announcer speaking faintly)
- So what do you guys
wanna do when we get there?
- We've gotta go to a
real Italian restaurant.
- Forget about the food.
What about shopping?
I hear this store...
- I think I just saw a guy from
Trapnest.
- What? Which one?
- Ren?
- The guy with long hair.
- Really?
- Where?
- So where's Ren?
(birds chirping)
- I'm sick of eating bread
for breakfast every day.
I gotta get some miso soup.
- Really? 'Cause I found this
great Japanese restaurant.
You want to go tonight?
- No, I want some salty
miso soup,
the kind that Nana makes.
- Put your voice down, please.
- Ren, you're better off
forgetting about women like
that.
- Women like what?
- Well, since you brought it
up, I gotta be honest with you.
The truth is, Nana is bad news.
She's taking advantage of you
and if she really loved you
then she would care more
about the sodium content
of the food she cooks.
- Listen, Take,
you have to let me go
back to Japan right away.
It's not cool that Takumi got to
go.
- Sorry, you still
have the photo shoot to do
Besides, Takumi had his
reasons for leaving early.
- Huh? Wait a second.
Takumi is going home before us?
- He left yesterday by himself.
- What the hell?
Why didn't he tell us
this before he left?
- He must have already landed
by now.
- He sucks, man.
(crickets chirping)
- Okay, mom, I'm gonna go
check in at the hotel now.
- But if Takumi is coming
over to visit us tomorrow,
I don't see why he doesn't
just stay here tonight.
- Well, it's because he's
getting in pretty late
so he didn't wanna
bother anyone.
- He doesn't need to worry
about that kind of stuff,
he's practically family now.
- Mom, they haven't seen
each other for two weeks.
I'm sure they have
some catching up to do.
- Oh, of course.
That makes sense.
(engine roaring)
- I'm looking forward
to tomorrow.
When I was talking with
Takumi me on the phone
he seemed like
a really nice guy.
- When did you talk to him?
- Oh, when he called the
other day from London
I was the one who
answered the phone.
Dad's always saying that
celebrities are as bad
as the Yakuza, but he
was really impressed
by how polite and
respectful Takumi was.
- Is that so, sometimes he
acts like he's in the Yakuza.
- (chuckles) Oh really?
- If he actually was a gangster,
he'd take over the world.
He's so cutthroat.
- Well then maybe God
gave him musical talent
so he would stay on
the right path in life,
instead of using his
energy for evil.
The entertainment world
seems flashy and exciting
but I bet it's also
really stressful.
I'm sure he needs you,
his family, as a refuge
where he can relax.
That's an important role.
You should pour all your
heart into it. (sighs)
- By the way, how's Nana
been doing?
Have you kept in touch with her?
- Not really.
I heard that she broke her
cell phone or something.
So I haven't been
able to call her
or send her a text message
and she hasn't called me either.
- Oh, that's too bad.
You two were really close.
- But I heard from other friends
that she's doing all right
and really giving it
everything she's got.
- Everything she's got?
- That's my Nana for you.
- She's one tough cookie, huh?
I was so frantic to give
Hachi the chance to see me
out there singing. (sighs)
I never thought to ask
her how she was doing.
I honestly didn't wanna hear
about her baby or Takumi.
But I know that was just
me being jealous.
- Reira, you haven't even
touched any of your breakfast
this morning.
Are you feeling okay?
- I'm alright.
Hey Mari, do you think that
Takumi hooked up with Stella
when he was here?
- What? How should I know?
We've been so busy.
I don't think he had time to
sleep around.
Besides he changed his schedule
because he wanted to
get back to his fiance.
- That's not cool.
- Huh?
- I mean, of course it's so fine
and good for his fiance
that he decided to go back.
But Stella's been in love with
him
for a lot longer, you know?
- Oh, is that so?
- I bet she was even secretly
dreaming of marrying Takumi
someday when the time was right.
I feel kind of sorry for her.
(computer chimes)
- You really are amazing, Reira.
- What?
- You're able to see the world
from other people's
point of view.
- But not me.
I was only thinking about
Takumi's fiance's feelings.
- I guess someone who can
sing songs that captivate
millions has a special
take on life.
- I think you're
overestimating me.
- Huh?
- I don't have any amazing
abilities or insights.
It's just who and what
I can relate to.
I'm just a regular person who
can only think about herself.
I have no idea what
Stella is really thinking.
- [Man] Hi, Reira,
how's it going?
Have you been able to relax
a little in London town?
Right now, I'm recording at a
training camp in the mountain
somewhere up north.
The recording part has been
really cool
but they have us on this
crazy exercise program.
I don't really get why
they're making us do all this.
Seeing Yasu in a
sweatsuit is funny though.
Ah, but after being on a regular
schedule for five days now,
I feel good.
I think I've even grown
a little taller.
Maybe I'm just imagining it.
- (slurps) It's salty!
- Huh?
You're the one who said
you wanted miso soup.
So just shut up and eat it.
- I don't get it.
Why do you always have
to put so much salt
in everything you cook?
Misato, should have come
with us to this weird camp
and she could have been the
one to cook all our meals
for us.
- No, I think that would
be asking too much of her.
- Well, I think she
should just go ahead
and quit school and become
a full-time manager.
- Great idea!
- She is responsible.
- That's a good point.
I'd much rather have cute Misato
as our manager than that
guy we have now.
- Yasu! Is there something
wrong with me?
- [All] Everything
is wrong with you.
- What did you say?
- Ginpei, you're a man,
so talk like one.
And do you really think we need
more
than one baldy around here?
- You're one to talk.
You're a girl so why
don't you talk like one.
And FYI, I'm not bald, I
just like shaving my head.
- Hey, it's not like
I'm bald either,
I shaved my head too.
(man chuckles)
- It smells good in here.
- Oh! Hi Matsuo.
Have you had dinner yet?
Do you wanna join us?
- No. Thanks.
- Eat it.
- I eat with the other staff
whenever it's your turn
to cook, Nana.
- And that's exactly why your
wife decided
to leave you, Matsuo.
- Anyway, Mr. Kawano should
be getting here soon.
So tonight we're gonna skip
practice
and have a meeting instead.
When you're finished
with this delicious meal,
come to the conference room in
the studio.
- God, It's freezing.
What's wrong with this place?
- Yeah, it's crazy.
Is still September.
- [Man] Whatever happened
to global warming?
- [Man] What's global warming?
- [Man] Read a newspaper
sometime.
- Gaia owns this camp and
it's really nice
but we're surrounded by woods
out in the middle of nowhere.
It's kind of a drag, but
the media can't find us
and it's better than hiding out
in some hotel room in Tokyo.
The air's so fresh
and clean here
and you can see lots of
stars at night.
For some reason, whenever I
something that's sparkling,
makes me think of you.
I wonder why.
I really don't know.
- You want us to do
unannounced shows?
- That's right, at five
different locations
starting on the 10th.
Shinjuku, Yoyogi,
Ikebukuro, Ueno
and Shibuya will be
setting up special stages
where there's sure to
be a lot of foot track.
- Yay, we're gonna play
live shows.
- Won't we get in trouble
with the police?
- No, we've already obtained
legal permits
for all the locations.
We're just not going to tell
the public
that we're having them.
- Good, because I'm
sure you're sick
of dealing with the cops.
- So the audience will be
just whoever's passing by,
but we'll hire about 20
part-time actors
to clap and cheer for you.
- We don't need you to
hire actors.
- Ooh, hiring actors is
a good idea.
It's hard to get Japanese
crowds fired up.
- You shut the hell up.
- Just think of them as barkers
for when a new store opens.
It's a way of drawing customers.
- Hmm.
- So you'll sit there and
listen to Yasu when he talks.
Hold on.
You're not sleeping with him,
are you?
- I'm gonna kick your ass.
- Yippie. Try me, Girly.
- Holy cracking bay.
You're huge!
- As long as we
understand each other.
- [Shin] By the way,
you might not know this
because you're overseas,
but the gossip brags have
gotten even more insane.
They're even gossiping
about Yasu now.
They're digging up every
bit of his past,
just like they did with Nana.
They're making him out to
be a total thug
based on his looks.
I don't think they'd say
that now
if they saw him in
his PE uniform.
I don't know if it's
because they don't know
or if they're purposely
hiding it for later,
but they haven't said anything
about you and Yasu yet.
So you don't have to
worry, okay?
(keyboard clicking)
- Hey Ren, did Naoki tell you
about Yasu?
- What's Baldy up to now?
- Search magazine just wrote
a juicy article about him.
Now, he says there are rumors
flying all over the internet.
- An article about what?
- You know, stuff like,
apparently he punched a search
reporter who was harassing Nana
and cops took him in for
questioning and everything.
So now all the other magazines
caught onto the story
and they're saying Nana is
actually going out with Yasu
and crazy things like that.
That's just not possible, is it?
It's all just lies.
They also wrote that
Yasu didn't pass the bar.
So he isn't actually a lawyer.
Don't you think
that's just mean?
- It totally sucks.
- Uh, excuse me, Reira.
- Oh, thanks Mary.
- I've been hearing the
rumors that are going around
and they've got me
worried about something.
- Huh?
- I mean, what if Yasu
isn't actually clerking
at a law firm?
- What's clerking?
I've never heard of that before.
- I guess it's kind of like
being a medical intern.
After passing the bar exam,
you have to work as a law clerk
for a year and a half in
order to officially become
a lawyer.
- You really know a lot.
- More like you don't know
anything.
- Oh, and you do?
- Well, it's not exactly common
knowledge.
I mean, I only know it because
I graduated from law school.
(both gasps)
- That is incredible.
Now I understand why
you wear those glasses.
- It's really no big deal.
And I wear these glasses
because they're in fashion.
- What are you doing
babysitting Reira?
- What do you mean, babysitting?
- You know like changing
your diapers.
- I don't wear diapers.
- All right, that's
enough about me.
- No.
- Hmm?
- I wanna know all there
is to know about you Mari.
Are you free later tonight?
- How did I get stuck in a
band with guys who hit on
every girl they see?
You're pigs.
- Anyway, now I know why he
also said he was a lawyer
in training.
That must mean he's still in the
middle of
the clerking thing.
- But it's been a year and
a half since he graduated.
So maybe he's already
a real lawyer.
Well, the thing is, once
you get yourself assigned
to a clerkship, you have to
stick with the same place.
So if he wanted to
devote all of his
energy to his band then,
I don't see how he could be
doing both at the same time.
The firm he's been working
for probably hired him
because they saw he
had a legal background,
but all they would
have him doing
is administrative type stuff.
- [Man] Mary, come here!
- Okay.
I bet Yasu didn't wanna give
up his dream with the band.
Hitting that reporter
proved that he cares more
for his band mates than the law.
No matter what people say,
I think your boyfriend
is a great person, Reira.
Don't pay attention to the
rumors and try to stay positive.
- [Man] Mary!
- [Mary] Yeah, coming.
- My boyfriend?
Wasn't Yasu's dream to be a
lawyer
instead of playing in a band?
It's always been secrets
and lies with him.
I could never figure
out what he was thinking
or what he wanted in life.
- I don't plan on making
a living playing music
and I don't plan on
leaving this town either.
So I guess there's
nothing we can do.
- If his band was really
that important to him,
was he just making an
excuse to break up with me?
- No, he wasn't putting
his band first
when he made the decision
to let you go.
Damn, it's messed up.
I can't stick my neck out
there like that for Nana.
Not anymore.
I don't really know why that is.
I still love her just as
much as I always have.
- Hey, Ren, tell me, if I
died, would you die with me?
- How, how did I get so
cold and numb?
- [Shin] Hey, Reira, if
you told me you're lonely,
I'd fly to London in a heartbeat
or anywhere else in the world.
If it'll warm your
heart and make you cozy,
you better believe
I'll be there.
It's not that I'm trying
to be the nice guy.
It's just that, there's
nothing else as important
to me as you are right now.
(upbeat music)
I don't know what the future
will bring,
but I just wanted to say, I'm
sorry
I've been so self-centered up
until now.
- Listen, Ren, those feelings
don't make you a cold person.
It's just that the longer
we go through life,
the heavier all the
baggage we have becomes.
And it gets harder just
to do what you want.
That's why you need someone else
to carry that load with you.
Don't you think you and your
girlfriend could do that
for each other?
(doorbell chimes)
(door clicks)
(suspenseful music)
- Welcome home, darling.
You must be tired from the trip.
- Entirely exhausted.
Souvenirs.
- There's so many.(chuckles)
- Which one do you want?
- I only get one?
How about this one?
- Wow. You've got a great nose.
You sniffed out the
diamond earrings.
Go ahead. Open it.
- No, I'll take this one.
- That is English breakfast tea.
- What about this one?
- That one is a Pearl necklace.
A watch. Shoes. A purse.
A cashmere sweater.
- Where's my ring?
- I can't believe you'd
think that's a souvenir.
Besides you already have it.
- Huh?
- Check your left pocket.
(suspenseful music)
- Like magic.
- You aren't paying attention.
That's why you're so easily
duped by guys.
Listen, I've got a bunch
of priorities
that I just can't change.
Work comes first for me.
In fact, it probably
takes up more than 90%
of my brain power and
everything else just doesn't
matter as much.
But my girl comes second.
I need her to be someone
I can relax with.
I won't be able to be with
you a lot of the time,
but I won't let you
have a hard life.
- As long as I'm your
number one second priority.
- Sorry, but when it comes
to my second priority,
you're in second place.
- Ah?
- This souvenir might
fit nicely on the girl
who's in first place.
- Shoes?
- Especially since you're
too big to wear them.
- She's more petite
than me? (sighs)
It's Sachiko.
You've come back to haunt me.
- You've already chosen a name?
It's kind of old fashioned
though.
Well, whatever you want.
- Here. Then these are
for our little Sachiko.
(exciting music)
- They're so cute. Thank
you daddy. (chuckles)
And so many.
- But it doesn't really sound
right.
Sachiko itchy nose it's like
some sort of tongue twister.
- She's not gonna have
an evil name like that.
- You're the one that
chose the name.
- [Shin] Reira, there's a
reason why I bought a laptop.
It's because I wanted
to spend all the money
you gave me as fast as I could.
But at the same time,
I didn't wanna spend it just on
myself.
I bought the acoustic
guitar for the same reason.
But I never feel like singing
when you're not around
to hear me.
So I'll email you as
much as I can.
And if you feel like it,
I'd love to get emails
from you too.
Let's talk soon, okay?
The weather was clear today,
so there'll be a lot of
stars out tonight.
(lighter whooshing)
(suspenseful music)
- Hey, Mr. Law breaking lawyer.
What do you think you're doing
hiding out here in the dark?
- The same goes for you.
You shouldn't be wandering
around alone
in the middle of the night.
It's dangerous.
- It's that Tanuki's fault
with the unannounced shows.
I'm too psyched to fall asleep.
- You should sleep while you
can.
When we get back to
Tokyo,
we're gonna be crazy
busy promoting our band.
- Wanna go to bed with me?
- Sure. Why not?
You know that was a joke, right?
- Well it wasn't funny.
That's because you're
in love with me, right?
- Yeah, you got me.
Now that I've laid all
my cards on the table,
there's no point in denying it.
Was I too obvious?
- You're damn right, baldy.
What exactly is going on with
you anyway?
- Nothing really. So don't
worry.
You just sing.
- But Yasu, ever since
Ren and I first broke up
2 1/2 years ago, I felt closer
to you than I have to him.
Even when I'm with Ren,
I'm lonely inside.
It's not like before.
It's like we're not one anymore.
I don't know why,
because I still love Ren
the same as I always have.
- Mai, Yui, Sumire, Akane,
I think a name with one kanji
character
works the best
and it'll look nice
next to your last name,
which has three characters.
Don't you think?
- What's wrong with Sachiko?
- You don't like it, just help
me come up with a good name.
- And I'm already kind of
attached to it.
- It's gonna be Sachiko.
- [Nana] Hey, Hachi, the
stars are sprinkled all across
the sky and tonight they're
shining bright as ever.
(suspenseful music)
Even now when I see something
sparkling,
it reminds me of Ren.
(upbeat music)